# Winter Wonderland
### By Sarah Hope
[You can also read this book on Belletristica, where you can comment!](https://belletristica.com/en/books/58526-winter-wonderland/chapter/333836-chapter-1)

## Chapter 1
Snow was falling outside the window. The sunlight came in through the window. Anna sighed and got up. The clock on the nightstand read 8:00 am. She had to make breakfast. She hurried downstairs to get the breakfast on the stove. The thermometer said it was only 12°F outside. It was cold inside, but dad said they didn't have enough money to heat the house higher than 60. "Brrr." Anna shivered. "If I had a job maybe I could help pay for heating the house." She thought. "But 13 is too young to get a job." She put the eggs on the stove and some hash browns in the oven. Then she raced up the stairs to get her sweater. At the top she nearly collided with Bob, her younger brother. "Can't you watch where you're going?" Bob asked. "Sorry. I was just trying to get my sweater before the eggs burn." Anna replied. Anna didn't really like Bob because he always got his way. If Anna wanted something, Bob wanted the opposite. "Don't you think Bob should have his way sometimes?" Dad would always say. Anna sighed, picked up her sweater and ran downstairs, just in time to turn off the eggs. Anna sighed and put the hot chocolate on the stove. Mom came down the stairs. "Anna, is the food ready?" "Almost mom! The hash browns aren't done yet, but the eggs are!" Anna replied. "Great!" Mom replied. 5 minutes later everyone was at the table. Anna brought the food in. "Did you have to make eggs again?" Bob complained. "No, I didn't have to." Anna replied. "But I did." "You should make us soup for breakfast tomorrow." Bob said. "You could try." Anna replied. "Anna! Why would you say such a thing?" Dad cut in. "Why wouldn't I?" Anna replied. "He needs to learn to do stuff too!" "No he doesn't. Not at his age. He's only 10." Dad replied. "I started cooking when I was 10, didn't I?" "Yes, but Bob has to do his homework at that time." Dad replied. "I have to too." Anna replied. "I don't want to hear anymore about this." Dad replied. "And I expect you to make soup for breakfast tomorrow." After breakfast, Bob went outside. It was beautiful out there, with the snow covered yard. Anna wished she could go out there too, but according to Mom, "Only boys get to go out there, you have to stay inside and clean up." Anna was going to change that. It was going to be hard, but she was going to change that. It might take awhile, but she was going to change that.

## Chapter 2
Anna woke up with a great idea. "No one ever said what kind of soup!" She thought. "I can make some disgusting soup! Then I won't have to again." Anna smiled. It had been a long time since she had tricked someone. She slipped on her clothes and tiptoed down the stairs. It was 5:00 in the morning. She grabbed the chicken broth out of the freezer and put it in the countertop to warm up. Next, she grabbed some fish from the freezer, some carrots from the fridge and potatoes from the pantry. Anna chuckled to herself, as she got the ingredients ready. "There's no way anyone will like this!" She put everything in the pot and turned it on. Then she sat down in the living room and read a book. "Is the food ready, Anna?" Mom asked. "Almost!" Anna replied, putting the book away. She went back into the kitchen and turned the soup off. "The food is ready!" Anna called up the stairs. It had cooked faster than normal. It was 7:00. They normally ate at 8:00. Bob came down the stairs. "Did you remember to make soup today?" He asked. "Of course, Bob." Anna replied. "You know what would happen if I didn't?" "Yep!" Bob replied. He sat down at the table. A few minutes later they were all in the dining room eating soup. "This is the best soup I've ever tasted!" Exclaimed dad. "It's the best I've ever tasted too!" Bob added. "Me too!" Said mom. "What did you use?" "Oh, I used potatoes, carrots, onions, and fish." Anna replied casually. "Ew. I hate onions!" Bob said. "Yes, but they are the parts the flavor it." Replied Anna. "Oh, is that true?" Asked dad. "Yes, it is. If it didn't have onions it wouldn't taste like this at all." Anna replied. "If I hadn't said anything about onions, Bob wouldn't even mind." "Don't you think that Bob noticed the onions?" Dad asked. "No." Anna said. "Well he did." Dad replied. "And I don't want onions in anything from now on." He finished his soup and went to work. Anna had to clean off the table and wash the dishes again, as usual. Bob got up and went to play outside. "Oh how I wish I could do that too." Anna said to herself. Anna drained the soup pot into a glass container and put it in the fridge. Then, after washing the dishes, she went to her room to do her homework. "Bob always has to do his homework." She thought sarcastically. "That's why he can't cook." She rolled her eyes. Bob was still playing in the snow having a great time. But Anna was doing her homework, or doing the laundry, or washing the dishes. But Bob. He was having fun. "Some day I'll be able to do that too." She reminded herself.

## Chapter 3
It was evening. Anna was trying to think of how she could persuade Mom and Dad into letting her play in the snow, and how she could get them to make Bob cook too. But it was hard to convince her parents of anything. She got up and went to go to bed. "Annnnnnnaaaaa!" "Coming mom!" Anna went down the stairs to see why Mom was calling her. "Yes, mom?" "You got my knitting wet." Mom replied. "No I didn't." Anna replied. "It must have been Bob when he came in from playing in the snow." "No excuses." Mom cut her off. "I expect you to dry this right now." "But I didn't do it!" Anna replied. "No buts." Mom replied. "And you can't go to bed until it's dry." Anna sighed. Another one of Bob's tricks. "He's so mean." She thought to herself. "I think he shouldn't get to go outside if he does this." "Bob didn't do this." Anna remarked sarcastically, rolling her eyes. "And he probably didn't even play in the snow today." "I heard that!" Mom shouted. "Why should I care?" Anna retorted. "Bob wouldn't do such a thing!" Mom said. "So did you do it?" Anna asked. "Of course not!" Mom answered. "You did!" "Nope!" Anna shouted. "And I'm not going to dry it." Anna went up the stairs, locked the door, and went to bed. A little bit later there was pounding on the door. "You didn't dry it!" Mom shouted. "I didn't get it wet!" Anna retorted. "I'm going to come in and drag you out of there!" Mom shouted. "Good luck!" Anna replied. "I changed the lock!" "Not fair!" Mom shouted. Anna put on her noise canceling headphones and fell asleep. Anna woke up the next morning at 6:00 am. She knew she would have to get up if she were to make breakfast, but instead she fell asleep again. She could hear stomping above her room, so she put her noise canceling headphones back on. She woke up again around 10:00. There were no noises in the whole house. She put her clothes on and tiptoed out. She searched the whole house, but found nobody. Anna was scared. "Where did they go?" She thought. "They're probably just trying to scare me, for not drying that knitting." Hours passed. It was 9:00 pm. There was still not a sign of anyone. Anna checked her phone. No messages. She shivered. "What can I do? What if they're not trying to trick me? What if that stomping I heard this morning was then getting kidnapped?" She shivered again, went back into her room, and locked the door. The wind howled around the house, adding an even creepier effect to the situation. Anna had goose bumps. "What had happened?" She shivered again.

## Chapter 4
Anna couldn't think of what to do. A loud pounding on the window startled her. A sinister face looked in. There was a big smash as a crowbar flew through the window. Anna silently hid her phone. The figure climbed through the window. "I'm going to do the same thing to you as I did to your parents!" The figure said. Anna tried to back up. "No use doing that!" It continued. "I've got you covered." Instantly two guys jumped her. She was tied up and taken to a U-Hual parked in the street. They threw her in the back of it and started out. The street was covered in a black sheet of ice, but the criminals didn't notice. Anna tried to get out of her ropes, but they were tied very securely. Suddenly the U-Haul jerked. Anna could feel it sliding, then crashing into a tree by the side of the road. She heard the truck doors slam, then loud voices. "No use getting the girl out of the back," One said. "It'll take to long." The voices died away. Anna realized she was all alone. She tried her ropes again. This time she was more successful. She was worried about her family though. Once she was out of those ropes. She reached for her phone. It was still there. She quickly dialed 911. "911, what's your emergency?" "Uh...I was kidnapped and I'm in the back of a crashed U-Haul. They left me in it when they fled." She said. "Do you have any idea where you are?" "No, I can't be too far from my house, but I have no idea where I am." Anna replied. "Don't worry, I think I've got the GPS from your phone. An officer is on the way. Don't hang up." "Okay, I won't." Anna replied. She heard the sound of sirens coming closer. Anna breathed a sigh of relief. The door opened. She gasped. It was not the police. It was the criminals coming back to get her. She hid her phone again, and tied herself back up. "Good, she's still there." One said. "The police are too!" Another shouted. She was pulled out of the U-Haul and they ran into the woods with her. "Hands up!" A police officer ordered. "No way!" A criminal shouted back. Even with the police chasing, the criminals managed to escape to a car on the other side. They got in and it zoomed off. Anna sighed. "There's no way I'll survive." She thought. What she didn't remember is she was still on a call with 911.

## Chapter 5
Emma, the 911 operator, was worried. She had heard the whole thing, the people coming and grabbing Anna. Thankfully, the phone call was still working. She had Anna's exact location, even though Anna didn't know it. "Car entering Valley Village, going by Strait Street." "Roger that." Through the phone call she could hear the sirens. "We're going to have to do the pit maneuver." A police officer said. A crashing sound indicated that they had done it. "Hands up!" Shouted a police officer. A few minutes they were sitting at police headquarters. "How did you find me?" Anna asked. "The phone call was still active." The police officer responded. "Please help me find my parents and brother too!" Anna said. "Of course!" The police officer said. "I'll take you home to my house while we try to figure out where they are." The police officer said. "It's not safe for you at your house." Anna nodded. "Oh, I'll need your name." The police officer said. "My name is John." "My name is Anna Johnson." Anna replied. Later that day, Anna was at John's house enjoying playing in the snow with John's family. And she didn't have to cook either. "Supper time!" John's wife, Maria called. There was a mad rush for the door, involving a snow ball fight on the way in. They took their snow suits off and went inside. On the table was chicken noodle soup and garlic bread. Anna smiled as she sat down at the table. There were hot chocolate mugs at every seat. There was random chatter as they are their food. When they had finished, Maria spoke up. "Would you like to play a game?" "Sure!" Everyone agreed. "Let's play Cranium." Maria said. "Do you know how to play, Anna?" "No, I never really had time to play games before." Anna replied. "Well we'll teach you how to play then." Replied Maria. "We have the old version of it, because it's a lot better than the new one." Anna smiled. These people were really fun to be around. After the game of Cranium, they had dessert. Anna had never tasted Ice Cream before. She savored every bit in her mouth, knowing that this would probably be the first and last times she ate it. "Time to go to bed." Maria announced. "I'll show you where you'll sleep, Anna." Maria climbed the stairs, with Anna following. Maria walked down the hall and into a bedroom she had prepared for Anna. "This is your bedroom." Maria said. "Thank you very much!" Anna said with a smile on her face.

## Chapter 6
Anna woke up to the smell of breakfast being cooked. She slowly got out of her bed, wondering if the police would find her parents and brother. She sighed. "I like it here." She thought to herself. "I still hope they find them though." She got her clothes on and went downstairs. Nobody else was up yet, except Maria. "Good Morning, Anna!" Maria said. "I think John wants to speak with you." "Where is he?" Anna asked. "He's in his office." Maria replied. "Okay." Anna said, going up the stairs. John was sitting in a chair in his office reading a book. "Maria said you wanted to talk to me." She said. "Oh yes." He said, a grave look on his face. "We found your parents." "That's great!" Anna exclaimed. "But," he continued. "They're...." "What?" Anna asked quietly, expecting something bad. "They're..." John said, slowly. "I don't know how to break this to you." Anna sighed. "They're the ringleaders of the gang that kidnapped you." Anna gasped. "Really?" "Yes." John replied. "What about Bob?" Anna asked. "He was found frozen to death outside the cabin they were in." Anna started to cry. "Oh, please don't cry!" John said, trying to comfort her. He put his arm around, in an effort to comfort her. "Do you have any relatives?" "I don't know of any, and if I do, who knows, maybe they're bad too." Anna replied. "Would you like to live with us?" John asked. "Yes, please!" Anna said with a smile. "Okay, we'll see if we can work that out." John said with a smile. "My shift is starting now, so I'll have to go." He got up and walked out the door. Anna sat down in the living room. "Mom and Dad are criminals?" She said to herself. "How could they do that?" She starting crying again. Maria walked into the living room. "Honey, it's okay." She said. "Do you want some waffles?" "Of course!" Anna said, brightening up. 10 minutes later, everyone was eating breakfast in the dining room. They talked about random things, then when they had finished eating they went to play in the snow. Anna so loved it here, it was beautiful. John's house was out in the country, and he had a big lot. 50 acres, to be exact. The rest of the children took Anna on a walk to the back of the yard. "This is a big yard!" Anna exclaimed. "Sure is!" Replied Luke. "50 acres!" "Wow!" Anna replied. "If we walk to the back and then back to the house, how far will we walk?" "I don't know." Luke said, shrugging. They got to the back and had a race back. Anna beat them all back. "Wow, you run fast!" Luke exclaimed. Anna smiled. Anna was glad that John and Maria's children liked her. "Children, lunch!" Maria called. "Wow, we were out there for a long time!" Anna remarked. "Yeah, I guess we were." Luke replied. They went inside and sat down for a lunch of soup and grilled cheese sandwiches.


## Chapter 7
The next morning, Sarah (Luke's younger sister) was reading a book in the living room. "What book is that?" Anna asked, walking down the stairs. "Winter Blizzard." Sarah said, without looking up. "Who is it by?" "Abby Barr." "That's my favorite author!" Anna cried, running towards Sarah. "You like her too?" "Oh yeah!" Sarah replied. "I've been reading her books since I was 8." "I just love those books!" Anna said. "Do you have any more?" "No, these are the only ones I have." Sarah replied. "Have you heard of Sarah Hope? I have a few of her books." "Oh, yes!" Anna replied. "I think we're in one of her books right now!" "What?" Sarah replied. "I think she's making a book called Winter Wonderland with us in it!" "Really?" Sarah replied. "That will be weird, with us talking in it." "I know, but maybe she won't put that part in." Anna replied. "Maybe, maybe not." Sarah replied. "I wonder, what's for breakfast." "I don't know, I didn't smell it this morning." Anna replied. "Oh, Mom's probably grilling it, let's go outside!" They slipped on their snow clothes and went outside. Sure enough, Maria was in her snow clothes, sitting by the grill drinking hot chocolate. "Snowball fight!" Anna declared, as she started pelting Sarah with snowballs. "How do you make those so fast?" Sarah asked. Anna shrugged. "I don't know." "How old are you?" Anna asked. "I'm 12." Sarah replied. "So we're only a year apart!" Anna exclaimed. "You're only 13?" Sarah asked in surprise. "What, you thought I was older?" "Yeah, I thought you were at least 16 with how fast you can run, and how tall you are." "Oh, okay!" Anna replied. They raced off. "Let's do a snowman contest!" Sarah said. "What's a snowman contest?" Anna replied. "It's where each of us try to build the tallest snowman in 5 minutes." Sarah replied. "Let's go get the others up so we can all do it." They ran back into the house. "Guys!" "Coming!" Soon they were all outside. "3....2.....1......Go!" Luke shouted as they started running. Anna ran like a bullet, rolling the snow as she went. 20 seconds later, the base of her snowman was built. "Times up!" Shouted Luke. "Who's got the tallest?" "Anna!" They all exclaimed. "Wow, that's tall!" Luke said. "How tall is it?" He went back into the house to get a tape measure. "10 feet!" He exclaimed. "The closest is 4 feet. Anna, you beat us by 6 feet!" Anna smiled. "How do you do it?" Sarah asked. "I just run really fast, really close to the ground, rolling the snow ball as I go." Anna replied. "That's really cool." Sarah replied. "Breakfast!" Maria called. On the table was steak and eggs. "Wow, I love this place." Anna thought to herself. Just then John came in the door, back from his night shift. "Do I get any?" He asked. "Of course!" Maria replied. "Oh, and by the way, Anna, you're now part of the family!" John said. "It's official." "Thanks so much John!" Anna said, getting up to hug him. "You're welcome." He replied.

#### **THE END**
